[Music]
ah
I need all my children before we close
out the Halloween season let's have one
more anthology comic shall we what sets
this one apart from already others this
one is harder hilarity this is three
house of horror number 18 ah the same
sons and our annual dive into the
supernatural the scary and the
suspenseful
whether you think he seems in G still
funny after all these years all of you
think they ran out of steam long ago the
treehouse of horror episodes can still
bring a smile even after all these years
and of course the comics are no
different and this one from only a few
weeks ago still manages to take only
funny Bourne rip not born out of your
tour saw we first up is eerie theory and
Evil Dead parody where Homer has taken
the family to an abandoned cabin in the
woods specifically we're hungry Qaeda
first came up with the formula for dark
beer Homer plays a tape recording of
Henry Duff warning people not to speak
aloud the formula or as horrible things
will happen naturally Homer is that
despite lease are not even comprehending
the language he says it is merely be
recalled and after drinking beer for so
long he doesn't even see the symbols
anymore
just these are called contents that in
fact Homer gets all the best lines in
this one from his reaction to bath being
possessed to trying to appeal to Maggie
to save him there is even a twist on the
story that brings up another movie
parody but I won't spoil it
next up is Marge Marie's by V Neil sells
calmer and Marge marry an apartment with
such lovely features like an elevator on
things by evil spirits and the goat
everybody loves gods their neighbors mr.
burns and they female Smithers offer
them the chance to join their demonic
cult and even give them some strong tea
before they summon the devil to make
love to Marge married and give birth to
the Antichrist the best line goes to
Barney who is one of three wise men with
dollar store purchases for the special
baby continuing on there is one Bart and
stormy night a tile about a great
superhero Bart bond this is
unfortunately the weakest tile in the
book but still entertaining they barked
signal from the insane asylum calls for
Bart man to come and confront his
greatest enemy the giggler and some
other Batman parody stuff we conclude on
the pride where and we see several
people at most Harvard discussing the
movie the bride no not that one they
mean Bride of Frankenstein but they just
call it the bride however each one has a
different interpretation of how it ended
surprisingly homers is probably the most
accurate take on it at least he got the
hair down properly for the bride why are
the season is ofcourse all about his
rights and the scares sometimes you
think of all that excitement and just
want to give yourself Allah and the
treehouse of horror is usually your best
bet for that my children although me
personally I find a lots of stuff funny
for example that's camera
[Laughter]
[Music]